c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\AcountManager.exe.config
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\AcountManager.exe
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\AcountManager.pdb
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\AcountManager.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\AcountManager_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\AcountManager_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\AcountManager.g.resources
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\AcountManager.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\AcountManager.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\AcountManager.exe
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\AcountManager.pdb
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dvj\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\dvj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\AccountWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\dvj\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AcountManager\AcountManager\obj\Debug\AccountWindow.baml
